Custom Scripts in IncidentFields and Layouts (#2572)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added hidden properties to integration command argument and script argument.
* Added `--override-existing` to **upload** that skips the confirmation prompt for overriding existing content packs. @mattbibbydw
* Fixed an issue where **validate** failed in private repo due to attempts to read from nonexisting file.

> * Fixed an issue where custom scripts names were replaced with uuid in IncidentFields and Layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in **download**, where names of custom scripts were replaced with UUIDs in IncidentFields and Layouts.
```
